(Episode 30)
Darn it.
What happened?
Doctor Kwak. How did the surgery go?
What's that?
Untie it, and press here with this.
Now.
Goodness. Fine.
Take this to the operating room.
Hurry up.
Go.
What...
What are you doing?
We need blood.
We need more than 10 packs of B-type and O-type blood.
Are you telling us to donate our blood?
Yes.
How could you ask us that when we're like this?
No.
- I won't let anyone do that. - Hey.
What? You're going to hit me again?
Go on. Hit me, and kill me too.
You little...
- My blood type is B. - Doctor Kim.
Mine is O.
Don't do it. Even if you do, they won't thank you.
Do you think they won't kill us if we save that patient?
- So... - That's why we have to do it.
You know the reason better than I do.
We help anyone who is hurt...
even if they're robbers or serial killers.
- In battlefield, we even... - I know.
I know that too.
I know we even have to save the enemies...
who killed our men.
That's our duty as a medical team.
I know all that,
but this is infuriating.
- It's just so infuriating. - That's enough.
This is a hospital ship after all.
They can't donate blood like this.
Untie them.
Now.
Girls first then.
Ji Young, draw their blood.
- You can do it, right? - Yes, I'll do it.
Do me first. My blood type is O too.
Hey.
All right. Thank you.
Gauze.
It's almost done.
Thank you.
- Does he have enough blood? - Not yet.
We can't get any more blood from our staff.
So?
What now?
How much time do we have?
We still have 40 minutes.
We only need to do the anastomosis now.
Take your time. We still have enough time.
On your knees. I said on your knees!
How did the surgery go?
- It went well. It's Doctor Song. - And?
And what? Don't you get it?
Did you think they would...
leave us once we save the patient?
Why are only three of you back?
What about Doctor Song and Hyun?
What happened to Eun Jae and Hyun?
Ah Rim.
We don't know either.
- Let go of me. - What do you think you're doing?
Stay quiet, and pack his medicine.
Doctor Song will be coming with us.
That's not what we agreed on.
We saved the patient in three hours as we promised.
That's why we're letting you all live.
We need some kind of an insurance, don't you think?
Remember.
If we see any signs of the police chasing us...
Right here.
We'll put a hole in her head...
and throw her out into the sea.
That won't happen. I promise.
That's right, it won't. Good boy.
- So... - We still need her.
We need a doctor who will take care of our boss on our way!
Take me instead then. I'll go with you.
An internal medicine doctor is better for post-operative care.
Doctor Kwak.
Let her go.
Take me instead.
You just won't stop talking.
Are you going to keep acting up?
- Do you think this is a toy? - Stop!
I'll pack the medicine, so please stop.
Don't do anything to him!
Is anyone out there?
Come in, and tie him up first.
What is it?
Sir, we have a problem.
Stay right here.
That little...
Open it. Open it, you punk!
Darn it.
Doctor Kwak.
Do you hear me?
Get up.
Wake up.
Good.
Well done.
Hold onto me.
Don't let go.
Don't lose consciousness.
Don't go anywhere.
Don't go.
Okay?
Doctor Kwak.
Wake up.
Wake up!
Don't go anywhere!
Don't go, okay?
Don't go!
(Coast Guard)
Come on out.
Watch your step.
Are you okay, Nurse Pyo?
What are you doing here?
What do you think?
I'm checking if anything's broken.
Leave it for now. Do it tomorrow.
I'm not going anywhere.
I need to take her back.
Let's just go.
We've been through too much tonight.
That's why I should stay.
Captain.
Don't call me that.
I'm ashamed and embarrassed.
About what?
I'm the captain,
yet I sat in that chair...
and did nothing.
If I think about what my crew went through...
You didn't do nothing.
You turned off the AIS.
That's what tipped off the Coast Guard.
Now come with me.
Okay, okay, I will.
You take the others to safety first.
I'll stay for just a while longer.
There's something I must stay and do.
Goodness.
Who could it be so early?
Hello?
Are you Doctor Kwak Hyun's mother?
Yes. Who is this?
I'm Bang Sung Woo, the captain of the hospital ship.
I see. Why are you calling me?
Something happened on board the ship last night.
Doctor Kwak was badly hurt,
and they're transporting him to a hospital on land.
What?
Last night, hospital ship Geoje 505...
was hijacked by drug smugglers.
The Internal Medicine doctor was shot...
and gravely wounded.
My goodness, what happened? How are you?
Are you okay?
Where to? Straight to an OR?
No, go to Intensive Care.
It went through his right pelvis.
It could have damaged his left kidney.
Doctor Kim's in surgery, and Doctor Oh's off.
It's the weekend.
What do you mean?
- You're saying... - Right now...
we have no surgeon to operate on him.
Will you do it?
Can you?
We'll send him up if you can.
You can't, can you?
Not after what happened last night.
I shouldn't have asked.
Let's see what we can do to stabilize him.
I'll see if we can transfer him.
No.
I'll do it.
Doctor Song.
His operation.
I'll do it.
Are you sure?
Call an anesthesiologist.
Let's move him to the OR immediately.
[VIU Ver] Episode 30 Hospital Ship "Why Should We?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It's not your fault.
Let me help.
Forget other times,
but like now,
when you're struggling.
No.
I don't need you.
Stay out of my business.
Even if my brother calls,
even if my dad dies, or...
even if I die.
Don't ever...
get involved.
Still, thank you.
For thinking of me...
first when you're hurting.
Remember one thing.
What's between us could be a door, not a wall.
You just have to open it and walk through.
I'll wait by the door.
Scalpel.
What? Doctor Song's doing what?
Operating.
This is just insane.
What's wrong with you? Why is everyone making her...
She wanted to do it.
- So you let her? - Yes.
I feel terrible about what happened on board.
If you think about it, Doctor Song's a patient too.
I know she's suffering from mental trauma.
But she's also...
a talented and experienced surgeon.
For a colleague,
- she should overcome... - A colleague?
Says who?
They're colleagues.
Oh dear.
Look.
She's doing just fine, nice and calm.
That's why she is who she is.
They don't call her a genius for nothing.
Where's Hyun?
Where is he?
How is he?
He's in surgery. Doctor Song's operating.
Doctor Song's operating on him...
personally?
After what happened,
after all she went through,
she's operating on him?
What is she thinking?
What do you think?
Even the best surgeon...
can't bear to operate on a family member, especially...
their loved one.
In case they...
lose their cool?
What do you think...
Doctor Song is like?
Did she lose her cool?
No.
Was she calm and collected?
More than that.
Is that what it sounds like to cry inwardly?
She's crying inside,
keeping all the tears bottled up inside.
That is how...
she is fighting right now.
Fiercely, like a warrior.
If there is a deity,
if there really is such a being,
then today,
today of all days, he should take her side.
Can you win?
Do you think...
you can beat her?
I gave up.
There's no way I can beat that.
You can't. No one can.
So, as of today,
I give up completely.
I do give up, but...
But what?
I find it somewhat disappointing.
That it's Hyun on the operating table...
and not me.
I'm so disappointed.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
Where...
am I?
Am I at a hospital?
Are you okay?
Are you...
hurt anywhere?